OMINAS batch files
------------------
 OMINAS provides several IDL batch files that allow the user to run some
 OMINAS programs directly from the unix command line.  The batch files are 
 run as follows:

 % ominas <name>.bat -args [args]

 The user will likely wish to create the following aliases (or let the
 installer do it):

	alias grim              'idl grim.bat -args'
	alias brim              'idl brim.bat -args'
	alias rim               'idl rim.bat -args'

 Command-line arguments are separated into direct arguments and keyword-value
 pairs.  Keyword-value pairs are designed to parse like IDL keyword arguments:
 arguments containing '=' or a single occurrence of '/', as the first character
 are treated as keyword-value pairs, with '/' causing the value to be set
 to 1, as in IDL.  Data types of values are inferred from their contents.  
 If a value consists of only numeric characters, then it is converted to int,
 and so on.  Values containing commas are separated into arrays of values.
 Keyword value pairs are passed directly to the IDL program, so typically 
 any keywords (including abbreviation) accepted by the program may be input 
 from the unix command line, to the extent that they can be represented
 using this simpified syntax.

 Direct arguments are returned to the batch file and are gernerally treated as 
 a list of filenames.  Direct arguments ending with '@' are treated as names
 of file-list files, i.e., their contents are appended to the direct arguments
 and used as if given directly on the command line.  Note that the shell
 can handle only relatively short argument lists, so if you specify a file
 specification that expands to more than, say, 200 filenames, you may get an
 error.  In that case, protect the file specification with single quotes to
 force the shell to pass the file specification rather than its expansion to 
 the IDL program, which is generally written to expand the file specification
 internally.

 Examples
  1) To open a group of images in grim and ovlerlay saturn's limb and 
     terminator, type:

     % grim 'N1489*.IMG' over=limb:saturn,term:saturn


  2) Same as above, except reading the filenames from a file and different
     view parameters:

     % grim files.txt@ over=limb:saturn,term:saturn z=0.5 /order


 See each batch file for a complete description of its usage.



