BRIM


 PURPOSE:
	Image browser.


 CATEGORY:
	NV/GR


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
	brim, files


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT:
	files:	List of filenames and file specifications.  Only files whose
		filetypes can be detected are loaded.  If this argument is not
		given, the user is prompted for a list of files.  An array of
		data descriptors may also be specified.

  OUTPUT: NONE


 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	thumbsize:	Size of the thumbnal images.  Default is 100 pixels.
			Thumbnail images are alwasy square.

	labels:		Labels to use for each thumbnail.  If none given, the
			filename is used, is one exists.

	ids:		Array to identify each thumbnail.  If none given, the
			labels are used, if they exist.

	select_ids:	Ids of Initial thumbnail(s) to appear selected.

	left_fn:	Name of a procedure to call when the left mouse button
			is clicked on a thumbnail.  Default procedure selects
			that image and opens it in a new grim window.  The
			user procedure is called as follows: 

				left_fn, fn_data, i, id, status=status

			fn_data is supplied by the caller through the fn_data
			keyword, i is the index of the thumbnail, id is the
			thumbnail id as given by the ids keyword,
			and status should return 0 if successful and nonzero
			otherwise.

	middle_fn:	Name of a procedure to call when the middle mouse button
			is clicked on a thumbnail.  There is no default.

	right_fn:	Name of a procedure to call when the right mouse button
			is clicked on a thumbnail.  There is no default.

	fn_data:	Data to be supplied to the above user procedures.

	exclusive_selection:	
			If set, only one image may be selected at once.  
			(Currently multiple image selection is not supported.)

	path:		Initial path to use for the file selection widget, 
			which appears only if the file argument is not given. 

	modal:		If set, only the brim widget may be used until it
			is closed.

	title:		Title to use for the brim widget instead of 'brim'.

	order:		Display order for thumbnails.  Default is 0.

	filter:		Initial filter to use when loading files.

  OUTPUT:
	get_path:	Final path selected in the file selection widget.

	select_ids:	On return, select_ids contains the ids of the selected
			images.  If there are no selections, its value will be
			the null string: ''.


 RETURN:
	NONE


 PROCEDURE:
	brim may be run standalone or from within grim.  If no files or data
	descriptors are given, brim first prompts the user to select a list of
	files.  brim then displays thumbnails of all valid files.  Files may be
	selected by clicking with the left mouse button.  By default, the image
	is opened in a new grim window.  Alternate actions may be defined
	through procedures supplied by the caller.


 EXAMPLES:
	To load files into brim using a file-selection widget:

	 IDL> brim


	To load all recognizeable images in the current directory into brim:

	 IDL> brim, '*'


	To browse a set of data descriptors:

	 IDL> dd = nv_read('*')
	 IDL> brim, dd


 STATUS:
	Experimental.


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale, 10/2002
	
