EXTRACT_DOC_HTML


 PURPOSE:
	Extracts documentation headers from program files and creates
	a text file containing a list of the procedures with a summary, 
	and a list of all of the documentation headers.


 CATEGORY:
	UTIL


 CALLING SEQUENCE:

	extract_doc_html, filespec, html_fname 


 ARGUMENTS
  INPUT: 
	filespec:	File specification string indicating all files
 			to be searched for documentation.  i.e; './*'.

	html_fname:	Name of the documentation file to be created.

  OUTPUT: NONE



 KEYWORDS 
  INPUT: 
	no_summary:	If set, summaries will not be included in the output
			file.

	no_doc:		If set, only summaries will be included in the output
			file.

	delim:		If  set, a delimiting line will be placed between each
			header in the output file.

	conv_func:	Function to convert text format.  Input is array
			of strings of text.  Returns array of new text.	

	append:		If set, output will be appended to the existing file
			instead of overwriting.

	page:		If set, blank lines will be inserted such that each  
			header starts on a new page.

	type:		String indicating which documentation type to retrieve.
			If set, only doc headers of that type will appear in the
			output file.  Default type is ''.  If type is
			'ALL_TYPES', then all types will be included in the
			output.

          

  OUTPUT: NONE


 RETURN: NONE


 PROCEDURE:
	For each file matching the filespec, extract_doc will attempt to
	parse any text which lies between the symbols ";+" and ";-".  These
	symbols are only recognized if there is nothing else on the line.
	The routine name and purpose are treated specially, but all other text
	is copied exactly, except that the first character on each line is
	ignored since it is assumed to be ";".  The name and purpose are
	extracted separately and used to create al list of routine summaries at
	the beginning of the output.

	The control symbol ";&" can be used to define documentation types, which
	can then be filtered using the type keyword above.  Lines beginning
	with this symbol will not appear in the output.

	There is no limit to the number of documentation headers which can
	be extracted from a program file.

	doc_template.pro can be used as a template for documentation headers.




 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale, 5/1995


