PG_CURSOR


 PURPOSE:
	Allows the user to obtain information about image pixels selected 
	using the mouse in the current graphics window.


 CATEGORY:
	NV/PG


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
	pg_cursor, dd


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT:
	dd:	Data descriptor containing the image.  Multiple data 
		descriptors may be given and the pixel values for each will 
		be displayed.  However, descriptors for only one of the data
		descriptors may be given.

  OUTPUT:
	NONE


 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	cd:	Camera descriptor.  Must be included for planet and ring
		coordinate, RA/DEC, and photometric output.  A map descriptor
		may be substitued for this argument, in which case ring
		coordinates, RA/DEC, and photometric data are not output.

	gbx:	Object descriptors, subclass of 'GLOBE'.  Must be included for 
		planet coordinate output.

	dkx:	Object descriptors, subclass of 'DISK'.  Must be included for 
		ring coordinate output.

	sund:	Star descriptor specifying the state of the sun.

	sd:	Star descriptors.  Must be included for star otput.

	gd:	Generic descriptor.  If given, the above object descriptors are
		taken from this structure.

	radec:	If set, right ascension and declination with respect to the
		inertial coordinate system are output for each selected pixel. 

	photom:	If set, photometric angles are output for each pixel that
		intersects a planet or ring.  (Ring photometry is not yet
		implememented)

	fn:	Name of a function to be called whenever a ppoint is selected. 
		The function is called as follows:

		value = call_function(fn, p, image, gd=gd, $
                                               format=_format, label=label)

		p is the image coords of the select ed point, image is the 
		input image and gd is a generic descriptor containing the 
		object descriptors.  format and label are outputs used to label
		the returned value.

	silent:	If set, no string is printed, although the 'string' output
		keyword remains valid.

	xy:	If present, this image point is used and the user is not 
		prompted to select a point.


  OUTPUT:
	string:	The string that's printed.  If /silent is specified, this
		string is valid, but not printed.

	values: Array (nfn,2,npoints) giving the numerical results in the order
		that they appear in the output.


 RETURN:
	NONE


 STATUS:
	Ring photometry is not yet implemented.


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale, 3/2002
	
