PG_GET_STARS


 PURPOSE:
	Obtain star descriptors for the given data descriptor.  


 CATEGORY:
	NV/PG


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
	result = pg_get_stars(dd, od=od)
	result = pg_get_stars(dd, od=od, trs)


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT:
	dd:	data descriptor

	trs:	String containing keywords and values to be passed directly
		to the translators as if they appeared as arguments in the
		translators table.  These arguments are passed to every
		translator called, so the user should be aware of possible
		conflicts.  Keywords passed using this mechanism take 
		precedence over keywords appearing in the translators table.

  OUTPUT: NONE


 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	sd:		Input star descriptors.  New descriptors will
			be appended to this list.  This concatenation occurs
			before sorting such that input descriptors have
			higher priority than new descriptors (see /no_sort).

	od:		Observer descriptor, typically a camera descriptor.
			If given, then star positions will be corrected
			for stellar aberration (but not light-travel time,
			which is inherently accounted for in star catalogs) 
			relative to this observer, unless /raw is set.  

	sund:		Star descriptors for the sun.  Used to correct for
			stellar aberration.  

	gd:		Generic descriptors.  Can be used in place of od.

	raw:		If set, no aberration corrections are performed.

	no_sort:	Unless this keyword is set, only the first descriptor 
			encountered with a given name is returned.  This allows
			translators to be arranged in the translators table such
			by order of priority.

	override:	Create a data descriptor and initilaize with the 
			given values.  Translators will not be called.

	str_*:		All star override keywords are accepted.  See
			star_keywords.include.

			If str_name is specified, then only descriptors with
			those names are returned.

	verbatim:	If set, the descriptors requested using str_name
			are returned in the order requested.  Otherwise, the 
			order is determined by the translators.

	tr_override:	String giving a comma-separated list of translators
			to use instead of those in the translators table.  If
			this keyword is specified, no translators from the 
			table are called, but the translators keywords
			from the table are still used.  


 RETURN:
	Star descriptors obtained from the translators, 0 if an error occurs.


 PROCEDURE:
	If /override, then a star descriptor is created and initialized
	using the specified values.  Otherwise, the descriptor is obtained
	through the translators.  Note that if /override is not used,
	values (except str_name) can still be overridden by specifying 
	them as keyword parameters.  If str_name is specified, then
	only descriptors corresponding to those names will be returned.
	


 SEE ALSO:
	xx, xx, xx


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale, 1998
	Modified:	Spitale, 8/2001
	
