PG_GET_PLANETS


 PURPOSE:
	Obtains planet descriptors for the given data descriptor.  


 CATEGORY:
	NV/PG


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
	result = pg_get_planets(dd, od=od)
	result = pg_get_planets(dd, od=od, trs)


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT:
	dd:	data descriptor

	trs:	String containing keywords and values to be passed directly
		to the translators as if they appeared as arguments in the
		translators table.  These arguments are passed to every
		translator called, so the user should be aware of possible
		conflicts.  Keywords passed using this mechanism take 
		precedence over keywords appearing in the translators table.

  OUTPUT: NONE


 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	pd:		Input planet descriptors.  New descriptors will
			be appended to this list.  This concatenation occurs
			before sorting such that input descriptors have
			higher priority than new descriptors (see /no_sort).

	od:		Observer descriptor, typically a camera descriptor.
			If given, then planet positions will be corrected
			for light travel time and stellar aberration relative
			to this observer unless /raw is set.

	sd:		Primary star descriptor; needed by some translators.

	gd:		Generic descriptors.  Can be used in place of od and sd.

	raw:		If set, no aberration corrections are performed.

	no_sort:	Unless this keyword is set, only the first descriptor 
			encountered with a given name is returned.  This allows
			translators to be arranged in the translators table such
			by order of priority.

	override:	Create a data descriptor and initilaize with the 
			given values.  Translators will not be called.

	plt_*:		All planet override keywords are accepted.  See
			planet_keywords.include.  

			If plt_name is specified, then only descriptors with
			those names are returned. 

	verbatim:	If set, the descriptors requested using plt_name
			are returned in the order requested.  Otherwise, the 
			order is determined by the translators.

	tr_override:	String giving a comma-separated list of translators
			to use instead of those in the translators table.  If
			this keyword is specified, no translators from the 
			table are called, but the translators keywords
			from the table are still used.   


 RETURN:
	Array of planet descriptors, 0 if an error occurs.


 PROCEDURE:
	If /override, then a planet descriptor is created and initialized
	using the specified values.  Otherwise, the descriptor is obtained
	through the translators.  Note that if /override is not used,
	values (except plt_name) can still be overridden by specifying 
	them as keyword parameters.  If plt_name is specified, then
	only descriptors corresponding to those names will be returned.
	


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale, 1998
	Modified:	Spitale, 8/2001
	
