PG_RENDER


 PURPOSE:
	Performs rendering on an array of bodies.


 CATEGORY:
	NV/PG


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
	result = pg_render(cd=cd, bx=bx, sund=sund, ddmap=dd_render, md=md)


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT: NONE

  OUTPUT: NONE


 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	cd:	      Camera descriptor.

	bx:	      Array of object descriptors; must be a subclass of BODY.

	sund:         Star descriptor for the Sun.

	ddmap:        Array of data descriptors containing the body maps, 
	              one for each body.  If not given, maps are loaded using
		      pg_load_maps.

	md:           Array of map descriptors for each ddmap.  

	sample:       Amount by which to subsample pixels.

	pc_size:      To save memory, the projection is performed in pieces
	              of this size.  Default is 65536.

	limit_source: If set, secondary vectors originating on a given
	              body are not considered for targets that are the
	              same body.  Default is on.

	standoff:     If given, secondary vectors are advanced by this distance
	              before tracing in order to avoid hitting target bodies
	              through round-off error.

	nodd:         If set, no data descrptor is produced.  The return value
	              is zero and the rendering is returned via the IMAGE
	              keyword.

	psf:          If set, the rendering is convolved with a point-spread
	              function.  If /psf, then the PSF is obtained via cd; if
	              psf is a 2D array, then is is used as the PSF.

	npsf:         Width of psf array to use if PSF is obtained via cd.
	              Default is 10.

	penumbra:     If set, lighting rays are traced to random points on 
	              each secondary body rather then the center.

	no_secondary: If set, no secondary ray tracing is performed,  
	              resulting in no shadows.

	image_ps:     pg_points_struct or array with image points 
	              specifying the grid to trace.  If not set, the entire 
	              image described by cd is used.  The array can have
	              dimensions of (2,np) or (2,nx,ny).  If the latter,
	              the output map will have dimensions (nx,ny).  Note
	              that a PSF cannot be applied if nx and ny are not known.

	mask_width:   Width of trace mask.  Default is 512.  If set to zero, 
	              no masking is performed.

	no_maps:      If set, maps are not loaded.


  OUTPUT: 
	map:	       2-D array containing the rendered scene.


 RETURN: 
	Data descriptor containing the rendered image.


 PROCEDURE:
	


 EXAMPLE:


 STATUS:
	Complete


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale
	
