STRCAT_TYCHO2_INPUT


 PURPOSE:
        Input translator for tycho-2 star catalog.


 CATEGORY:
	NV/CONFIG


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
       result = strcat_tycho2_input(dd, keyword)


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT:
	dd:		Data descriptor.

	keyword:	String giving the name of the translator quantity.

  OUTPUT:
       NONE

 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	key1:		Observer descriptor, must be of subclass CAMERA.


  OUTPUT:
	status:		Zero if valid data is returned.

	n_obj:		Number of objects returned.

	dim:		Dimensions of return objects.


  TRANSLATOR KEYWORDS:
 	jtime:		Years since 1950 (the epoch of catalog) for precession
			and proper motion correction.  If not given, it is taken
			from the object descriptor bod_time, which is assumed to
			be seconds past 1950 unless keyword /j2000 is set.

	j2000:		If set, coordinates are output wrt j2000.

	b1950:		If set, coordinates are output wrt b1950.

	path_tycho2:	The directory of the star catalog.   If not given, the
			routine uses the environment variable 'NV_tycho2_DATA'.  
			The catalog data is grouped into approx 10,000 separate
			regions in numbered files in 24 separate subdirectories.
			Each star has a data record of 16 bytes.
			tycho2_ID, CLASS, RA_DEG (degrees), DEC_DEG (degrees), and
			MAG (Visual Magnitude). The real values (RA_DEG, DEC_DEG
			and MAG) are in XDR, the tycho2_ID and CLASS are 
			network-order short integers.

	faint:		Stars with magnitudes fainter than this will not be
			returned.

	bright:		Stars with magnitudes brighter than this will not be
			returned.


  ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES:
	NV_TYCHO2_DATA:	Directory containing the tycho-2 catalog data unless
			overridden using the path_tycho2 translator keyword.


 RETURN:
       Star descriptor containing all the stars found.  The Sp part of
       the star descriptor does not contain the Spectral type since this
       is not available.  Instead it contains the class of the object:
       0 - star
       1 - galaxy
       2 - blend or member of incorrectly resolved blend.
       3 - non-star
       5 - potential artifact

         (Note that code 1 is used only for a few  hand-entered errata;
         galaxies successfully processed by the software have a classi-
         fication of 3 [non-stellar].  Also code 4 is never used.)  


 RESTRICTIONS:
       Since the distance to stars are not given in the TYCHO-2 catalog, the
       position vector magnitude is set as 10 parsec and the luminosity
       is calculated from the visual magnitude and the 10 parsec distance.


 PROCEDURE:
       Stars are found in a square area in RA and DEC around a given
       or calculated center.  The star descriptor is filled with stars
       that fit in this area.  If B1950 is selected, input ods orient 
	matrix is assumed to be B1950 also, if not, input is assumed to be
	J2000, like the catalog.  


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
       Written by:	   	  Spitale; 3/2004

