TVPATH


 PURPOSE:
	Returns device coordinates of vertices on a curve selected by the user.


 CATEGORY:
	UTIL


 CALLING SEQUENCE:
	vertices = tvpath()


 ARGUMENTS:
  INPUT:
	win_num:	Window number of IDL graphics window in which to select
			the path.  Default is current window.

  OUTPUT: NONE


 KEYWORDS:
  INPUT:
	thick:		Thickness of the curve.

	restore:	If set, the line is removed from the image at the end.

	p0:		First point of line.  If set, then the routine
			immediately begins to drag from that point until a
			button is released.

	grid_function:	Function which will quantize a point onto
 			a grid.  It should take an orderered
			pair as its only argument and return an
			ordered pair.  Default is the identity function.

	linestyle:	Linestyle to use for curve, default is 0.

	select_button:	Index of button to use as the select button instead
			of the left button (1).

	erase_button:	Index of button to use as the erase button instead
			of the middle button (2).

	end_button:	Index of button to use as the end button instead
			of the right button (4).

	cancel_button:	Index of mouse button to be used as a cancel
			button instead of left+middle, (3).

	close:		If set, the curve will be closed when the end button
			is pressed.

	points:		If set, do not connect points.

	psym:		Plotting symbol to use for each point.

	copy		If set, copy mode is used instead of xor mode
			for drawing.  An offscreen pixmap is used for erasing.

	one:		If set, tvpath returns after any button is pressed.
			If it is not the select button, then cancelled is set.

	number:		If set, points are numbered as they are selected.


  OUTPUT:
	cancelled:	1 if the cancel button was pressed, 0 otherwise.
			If /one, then 1 if any button other than select was
			pressed.


 RETURN:
	2xn array containing the selected vertices in device coordinates.


 PROCEDURE:
	Points on the curve are selected by clicking the 'select button',
	which is the left button by default.  Points are removed with
	the 'erase button', the middle button by default.  The 'end button',
	by default the right button, completes the curve.


 STATUS:
	Complete


 SEE ALSO:
	tvdrag, tvline, tvrec, tvcursor


 MODIFICATION HISTORY:
 	Written by:	Spitale, 7/1995
	
